The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Against circumcision. You don't agree with that? Uh, no.
Really? Yeah, no, I'm cutting baby. I'm not like passionate about that. Are you?
Yeah. People lose their. A lot of kids every year.
Do you know children die from that? Children lose their. Yes. All the time.
It's very common. Really? Yes.
Like multiple children per year lose their penis from an
unnecessary antiquated operation where you cut off their to make it look
different. Okay.
You're cutting skin off of their Dick and they wind up getting infected and they
lose their. It's I mean, it doesn't happen all the time.
Uh-huh <affirmative> but it happens enough time where you go, well,
this should never happen. This is a completely unnecessary operation.
Robert Baker has to BE2 hundred twenty29 deaths per year from circumcision in
the United States.
Bollinger estimates that apparently approximately 119 infant boys die
from circumcision related each year in the us
1.3% of all male neonatal from all causes.
There are several case reports of death in the medical literature.
Yeah. This it's not simple. You're cutting skin. Skin is an organ.
You're you, you have an unnecess and I'm circumcised.
You have an unnecessary operation that you're doing to an infant and it's
decorative mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I, I had a joke about it. Well, you don't.
Buy any of the studies about how it prevents STDs and da.
No, no, I don't wash your Dick. <laugh>.
I cannot believe.
We're talking about this. We should be talking about it. Well, well, why not?
Kids are dying.
Like it's like how many of them have to die before we say this is a
ancient, ridiculous ritual doesn't make any sense.
Okay.
I I've seen the arguments for and against like that. It prevents STDs,
like, look, you know, pre prevents STDs, condoms and abstinence.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That's what prevents STDs. And, and in some cases,
vaccinations, this is what prevents STDs.
This circumcision is ridiculous. Doesn't even make any sense. Okay. Cannot.
Believe I stumbled into this. Cuz I was talking about Andrew Yang. We up,
I guess I did. I didn't know. This was like a strongly,
he you're antativactivist is that what.
Their called? Yes. Whateveractivactivist that's a good way of put it.
<affirmative> I've never heard that expression, but that's exactly what I am.
Yeah. Don't cut baby. It's real simple. When you say it that way people go.
Yeah, that sounds gross. When you say oh, circumcision like, oh,
what a wonderful ritual.
And it's symbolic of your journey until the outta here. You're cutting baby.
It's it doesn't make any sense. I mean, it's not as disgusting as, uh,
what they do to women's Clies in, in, in certain. Well,
that makes it impossible to like yes.
To have an orgas it's a different reason for doing it,
but it's you you're mutilating a kid. Does, is there in that community?
Is there acceptance? Is there open? Is it just about like,
they don't give a just as long as you're a real child. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, no.
It's um, yeah, when I came out it was super cool. Uh, nobody really gave me any.
Um, that's the best part about strong man. You know,
I know you had Rob overt in here. Yeah. Uh, not too long ago and even mentioned.
Yeah know, he's something, but <laugh> I love him. Um, you know,
he mentioned just like the community of, of strong mans,
so is awesome because like,
we all realize what we have to do to get to this level of sport.
And we all have to be a little bit of, you know,
sick and twisted in the head to look at a truck and get excited to pull it
<laugh> um, so yeah, when I came out, like nobody really gave a.
They were just like, all right. As long as you can still lift weights,
we don't care. Yeah. That's uh, it mirrors the comedy community in that way.
For sure. Like stand up comedy community. Nobody gives a. No,
as long as you're funny and you're doing your job,
like that's all they really matters.
And we know some that are in the closet and we're like, come on, man.
Just no one cares come out. No, no one gives a. It'll probably be funnier.
Right. It's the more subject matter for sure. Yeah. You know,
not holding onto as much. It's easier to talk. Like, you know, when I came out,
just like, you know, the, you know, weight off my shoulders was, uh,
was unbelievable. What, how long was this? Uh, that was 2014.
So I was 22 years old. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I,
I was a late bloomer in the gay world.
Was it like when you were in high school and like when, first of all, when,
when do you know? You know, I don't know that I have, like,
I don't remember, like I never had like an aha moment per se. Um,
for me it was go going through high school.
Like I was involved in a bunch of stuff, you know,
I was a cheerleader actually also played football, um,
was doing the weightlifting thing, like was class president.
So had my hands in a bunch of different pots, college,
super into everything as well. Um,
and really just focused on school and actually dated a girl for like a year and
a half in college. In college. Yeah. Um, did you ever date a boy? No.
So, but did you like, oh. I wish she was a boy. I she's cool,
but <laugh> it was, yeah, pretty much, you know, it was, uh, it was,
it was more like a friendship than a relationship, I guess is the way to put it.
Oh, you know, like we were cool in everything and everything was going,
but like nothing else was really going on when you came out, was she like,
aha. Uh, that, that was the reason I broke up with her. Oh,
you came out because, you know, meanwhile, you know, I'm dating this girl,
but I'm watching gay porn when she's not around. I'm like this isn't right.
There's something else going on here. So did you like, was it gay porn,
like finding gay and we're like, that's what I like pretty much really. Yeah.
<laugh>, <laugh>.
One of my best friends Mo he, um,
for whatever reason,
this one night we were up on the roof drinking and smoking weed and
he, we got to talk in just about life and he was actually born with, um,
a heart defect. I can't remember the exact name of, uh, the disease that he had,
but he was in, uh, hospitals this whole life.
He was eventually gonna need to get a heart transplant. And uh he's like,
what do you wanna do with your life? You know,
I looked at him like he was asking me what, uh,
what I want to do when I got to the moon. I'm like, what do you mean?
What do I wanna do with my life? And he is like, I was like, well,
I always wanted to fight and expecting him to laugh at me about this.
He was like, well, why don't you, like, why don't you do it? And, you know,
I told him, well, well, I feel old already.
I was 18 at the time I already felt ancient then, you know,
and I told him all my reasons and all my fears and doubts and,
and all these things. He's like, you know what, man? He's like,
if anybody can do it, you can. He's like, I think you should. And, uh,
that really, that always stuck with me. I was like, um, maybe I can. And,
and in that moment, you know, I felt very motivated and, and wanted to do it,
but by, you know, continuing to drink and all these other things, I just put,
suppressed it into the back of my mind. And then about a year later, um,
he was in the hospital and, um, he needed to get a heart transplant.
They basically, it was basically at that point was like,
you're gonna be here until you get one or you're gonna die. And, you know,
I don't think any of us realized how serious it was or maybe we just didn't
who he ended up passing away, um, while he was waiting for the transplant.
And that just obviously devastated me to, to, to, to,
to no end.
And through that night through my drunken
coping, I was like, I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna go after this dream. You know,
my friend, he didn't even get a chance to fail at a dream.
And I'm too scared to even try for no reason,
just out of fear that that's literally my only reason not to do this other than,
you know, financial and all those other, um, surface things.
But it really just boiled down to fear. And I was like,
you know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go after this for him. You know,
he didn't get a, a chance to live. I'm gonna, I'm gonna live for the both of us.
But you know, unfortunately his,
his death sent me even harder down that downward spiral of alcohol and
depression. And three years later, I, um,
I just had a realization one day. I was like, if he was still alive,
he'd beat the outta me for ING my life.
I've been wasting my life for 21 years because I'm
afraid, you know, I'm afraid and I'm, I'm too afraid to fail.
I'm too afraid of all these stupid reasons that,
that all of us give ourselves in order to make ourselves feel better about
not going after things. But really they're just that they,
that they're just excuses. They're just things that make you feel better.
And they're. They're all. Almost every excuse we have is total.
Cuz there's people with those excuses and with all those reasons and more,
and they're able, then they do it. Like, what is your excuse?
But was it right away? Like just, you,
you walked into this L lions den of people doing Dr. Who was the who's patient
zero. <laugh> like who? Cause it was wasn't that many of you. Right? Well.
I think that, I think that it, uh,
it came to a culmination at the dinghol because we basically
ran and owned the place and we'd stay there until I can't remember walking out
there many times going, oh, beautiful. It's not even light out yet. <laugh>,
it'd be six 30 in the morning. Right. But we were serving drinks and,
and half the people they'd be 10, 12 comedians sitting around and,
and four or five other guys and the other guys would call,
they were in there drinking with us too. Wow.
So we weren't gonna get bused throughanything I mean, Kenny rod first got there.
He walked in the door there. He got there. I don't know how,
but he got there around two in the morning and there's six or seven of us.
You know, they either smoking joints, doing,
doing some wine drinking and more out on the stage, playing cards, you know,
for money. And he go, he goes, what is this place?
Paradise.
He had no idea. He goes, someone said, well, we didn want for a drink. He goes,
well, who are the healer drinkers? And everybody goes, nobody you us though.
So then he'd get into other stuff. So, and he, he made up for lost time too.
That was what we had always, we'd always heard about the ding hall.
Like it was like some legendary place, you know, when we start out it,
it closed in like 84 or something. Uh.
I don't, I don't know about the, uh, maybe yeah, right around that.
Maybe a little bit.
Later, someone I started in 88 and we had heard about the ding ho it was like,
it was spoken in hush tones. Yeah. It was like, you know,
that's where it started.
Well, it closed in a hack Beate because the, the yo lost,
lost the club and playing Chinese dominoes. No,
he lost $240,000 in one night. And it was my night.
Then I had my show there on Fridays. I'd come in and I never saw, uh,
chains of padlocks bigger than that in the front and back door.
Never to be reopened as a comedy club. It became a, uh, Indian restaurant,
something.
This sport demands a different perspective.
It's it's not the same thing as a ball going into hoop. No,
it's not the same thing as crossing a line with a football. No, it's different.
It's very intense and very personal. And it's also very dangerous.
And to, to play it off, like it's just a game. I, I just, I don't agree with it.
And I just think that we have plenty of people out there that understand the
sport. There's plenty of '. Yep. But the thing about him is he's really popular.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and Jamie,
when you saying he just got a giant deal or something like that big. Yeah. He's.
The top paid con. I had his contract up.
He's got like an extension to get like 8 million a year now or.
Something like that. Yeah. And that's because he's,
so his personality is so fun. It's,
he's a fun guy to watch and people love talking.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> they love two people arguing about.
One person's better at arguing. And, and Steven,
a Smith is really good at that stuff, but it's not the place for MMA.
It's just not the place. It's not, it's not the same thing. It's.
It's not because, um, because the guys themselves can fight. Yeah. You know,
when you see what happened last night, what Kansas and Kansas state or whatever.
And they started throwing punches and it was like,
it looked like a bunch of girls throwing windmills.
<laugh> you know what I mean? Yes. Like that's really,
the reality of is like now if he wants to go out there and talk about it,
go ahead and talk about it. He can say all the things he wants.
Cuz these are college kids that can't fight. Obviously we just saw. Right.
You know, but we're talking about professional athletes. They they've,
their life has been around this craft.
Yes. And now you're gonna say things like that. It's very disrespectful.
It's just so common with sports to talk about a guy who can't show up on game
day to talk about a guy who keeps dropping the ball.
Talk about a guy and you on those guys.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but it's just a different thing with fighting.
And it's also with fighting. Like you, you,
you have to know it or no one's gonna respect you.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> if you don't know what you're talking about and you're
talking about it in front of millions of people, like, man,
that's a bad look for everybody. Yep. It's a bad look for ESPN.
It's a bad look for him. It's a bad look for the sport. It's like,
there's other people that can do this. Yeah.
The.